sorry I was not a good fit so you know we've got each command is roughly
two years we've got and to your commands if you don't deal with any
twenty years that's on you know you're gonna have commands a you're
gonna live and I was shocked or I myself for the thirty year career
fallout one guide fifteen commands so roughly at seventeen that stole
from the beginning and of the seventeen there's only three of the
seventeen that I would say I would not go back to it would not go
back to work I did not like I hope you have to do what we like but
when you're in during those three of seven three lots of not for if
you will because you joined the navy to see the world and have a great
for also follow along the way or or you don't you know frankly what
are you one thing is if it's a personal offer you for the other person
is going to the two years satellite channels that along with them
and frankly if they're out of cycle we just the year before that
person or persons changed out so first thing is to do that point is
bringing their the outlook for because you don't want to be labeled
as the problem child could get it done yeah so you for serve the nation
remember that well this is Walmart Ford seven days well okay that's
okay you can do that because the other four okay going to be fantastic
that's a pretty good bad language